Objective: Transport as many passengers as possible.
Lose Condition: If one stop has 6 waiting passengers for 45 seconds, the game is lost.

How to play: Use the tunnels, trains, lines, and carriages given to construct a subway network. The player places the lines, trains, and carriages. Everything else is done by the game

The World:
Stops and passengers will be generated in the world over time.

Movement:
In general, movement in the game starts with a left click on some element. Then while holding the left mouse down, dragging the element to the desired location. Depending on the element, there will be some sort of visual indication that some movement occurred. Releasing the left mouse button commits the changes made.

Lines:
Creating the line is done by clicking near a stop, and dragging the mouse over stops to connect them. The line can be edited with the mouse as outlined in the movement section; initiating movement near the edges will extend the line, otherwise stops will be inserted. When moving the line around, hovering over a stop on the line will remove it from the line. Lines that cross water use up tunnels.

Trains/Carriages:
Trains move carriages and passengers, carriages follow trains and hold more passengers. They can be moved as outlined in the movement section. Initiating movement over the icons in the bottom left creates trains/carriages, while ending movement over the icons deletes trains/carriages. There can be a maximum of 4 trains per line and 4 carriages per train. If an existing train/carriage is moved, it must unload its passengers before making the move.

The Interface:
Top left: how many passengers have been moved
Top right: information and choices about resources
Bottom left: information about lines used and lines available
Bottom right: information about resources available, also creates/destroys trains/carriages
Pressing space pauses the game. Clicking the exit button on the window closes the game. When a stop is overcrowding, a red arc will be drawn around it. Once the arc makes a circle, the game is over.
